Coin - Expense Tracker

Manage your daily personal expenses with this easy-to-use app.

Features:
Uses SQLite to store expenses on the user's device.

Expenses are categorized by Category and User. Expenses belong to a category and categories belong to a user.

First, user adds a User account by specifying his/her name. Then user add Categories for which he/she wants to track expenses. Then user can add expenses by specifying the amount spent.

The Categories and their totals are displayed in the ViewCategories activity. The total is the amount spent for that category during the specified month. User can specify past or future months to see or add expenses for past of future months. The total of all expenses for the month for all categories is also displayed.

The ViewExpenses activity displayed all the expenses for the specified category, for the specified month, as well as the total for the category.

User can edit and delete expenses, categories, and users by long-clicking the item in the view.

Deleting categories deletes all associated expenses. Deleting users deletes all associated expenses and categories. User is shown a confirmation modal when deleting users or categories.

Validations are active on input fields to ensure valid entry for fields like cost where only valid dollar amounts are allowed, or category name where user might accidentally attempt to add a category that already exists.

Most database operations occur asynchronously using AsyncTask to prevent ANRs and freezing of the UI.

Version updates
1 / 1.0.0 - Release to Google Play(TM)
2 / 1.0.1 -
    Added default categories for new users.
    Fixed Expenses activity back button issue, to refresh categories totals
    Deleting category deletes expenses; deleting user deletes categories and expenses
    Category total in Expenses activity is stored in variable to improve performance

Launcher icons generated using the Android Asset Studio at http://romannurik.github.io/AndroidAssetStudio/
Google Play is a trademark of Google Inc.
